  The word sport came to us from the old French language. Originally used the word “SPORT”, what is translated – “Game”, “Entertainment”. Over time, reduced to English words “Sport”.
  Regular exercise reduces the risk of burnout, and also help in the fight against stress at work.
  Exercise improves self-esteem and self-confidence. Regular physical activity relieves symptoms of attention deficit disorder.
  Sports help improve sleep quality. And exercise also energizes and raises endorphins, as a result, a long-term and stable increase in the level of happiness occurs.
  Physical activity is associated with increased life expectancy. People, who regularly play sports, least, seven hours a week extend their life.
  Laughing is good for the heart and can increase blood flow by 20 percent.
  Always look on the bright side: being an optimist can help you live longer.
  A lack of exercise now causes as many deaths as smoking.
  Chocolate is good for your skin; its antioxidants improve blood flow and protect against UV damage.
  Sport almost doubles women's sexual arousal due to, that improves the blood supply to the whole body.
  Tea can lower risks of heart attack, certain cancers, type 2 Diabetes and Parkinson’s disease. Just make sure your tea isn’t too sweet!
  Eating oatmeal provides a serotonin boost to calm the brain and improve your mood.
  An apple a day does keep the doctor away. Apples can reduce high levels of cholesterol to keep your heart healthy.
  Extra virgin olive oil is the healthiest fat on the planet.
  Vitamin D is as important as calcium in determining bone health, and most people don’t get enough of it.
  Yoga can boost your cognitive function and lower stress.
  Walking outside – or spending time in green space – can reduce negative thoughts and boost self-esteem.
  People with high blood sugar levels are more likely to experience cognitive decline.
  Lemon is the most nutritionally powerful fruit on the planet.
  There are five main components of fitness: the body’s ability to use oxygen, muscular strength, endurance, flexibility and body composition.
  The human body has more than 650 muscles.
  Sleeping naked can help you burn more calories.
  Walking at a fast pace for three hours or more at least once a week, can reduce your risk of heart disease by up to 65%.
  Even at rest, muscle is three times more efficient at burning calories than fat.
  Regular activity can ease the severity and reduce the frequency of lower back pain.
  Running is good for you. People who run 12-18 miles a week have a stronger immune system and can increase their bone mineral density.
  Exercising regularly can increase your lifespan by keeping your DNA healthy and young.
  Stretching increases the blood flow to your muscles and helps avoid injuries.
  Practicing good posture can boost your energy levels.
  Drinking at least five glasses of water a day can reduce your chances of suffering from a heart attack by 40%.
  Dehydration can have a negative impact on your mood and energy levels. Drink enough water to ensure you’re always at your best.
  Repeatedly using a plastic water bottle can release chemicals into your water. Why not try a reusable bottle instead? It’s good for you and the planet.
  The spinal disc core is comprised of a large volume of water therefore dehydration could lead to back pain.
  Hydration is key for a good complexion. Drinking enough water also makes you less prone to wrinkles.
  Water can aid in weight loss because it helps to remove the by-products of fat and if consumed before a meal can make you more satisfied and eat less.
  Your muscles and joints require water in order to stay energized, lubricated and healthy.
  A smoker’s life expectancy is reduced by 11 minutes per cigarette.
  Everyone can reap the benefits of physical activity, regardless of age, shape or size.
  Regular physical activity, combined with a healthy diet, can help prevent and manage Type 2 Diabetes.
  Regular physical exercise can help you sleep better.
  Working out regularly shrinks your fat cells.
  Only 10% of people are successful at losing weight through diet alone.
  Exercise has an antidepressant effect on those suffering from clinical depression.
  Living with anxiety? Regular exercise can help reduce the symptoms of the condition.
  30% of adults report feeling less stressed after exercising.
  People who don’t regularly exercise could lose up to 80% of their muscle strength by age 65.
  Pinched for time? Even 10 minutes of exercise will help raise your heart rate and maintain fitness levels.
  Walking at a brisk pace can burn almost as many calories as jogging the same distance.
  Swimming is a great form of exercise because it incorporates both cardio and strength training
  It takes the body six to eight weeks to adapt to an exercise program.
  The ‘core’ includes any muscles that attach to your pelvis, spine and ribs.
  Regular weight training increases the number of calories burned during normal activities.
  Being fit is good for your heart because it strengthens the muscles needed to make your heart and cardiovascular system function.
  Muscle mass diminishes at the rate of 1% a year in middle age.
  Scheduling in rest days gives your body the time it needs to recover and improve.
  It takes 12 weeks of an exercise routine before you start to see measurable changes to your body.
  Music can inadvertently get you moving faster during those tough workouts.
  Optimal fitness requires a balanced exercise routine that incorporates aerobic, strength training and flexibility exercises.
  Setting a goal is proven to help you adhere to an exercise program.
  Parents who exercise regularly are good fitness models for their children; this encourages children to lead a healthy lifestyle.
  Exercise is important from a young age.
  You’re never too old for exercise.
  People aged between 18 and 34 are the most likely to exercise.
  Men have two-thirds more muscle mass compared to women.
  Men and women store fat very differently.
  During workouts, women tend to burn more fat, but post-workout, men burn more fat.
  Couples who work out together are more likely to stay together.
  Even just a short bout of exercise can drastically improve your sex life!
  The average person burns 50 calories every hour while they sleep!
  You use roughly 200 muscles when you take a single step.